Since compute grows much faster than web text available for language model pre-training, we ask how synthetic data augmentation can improve data-efficient pre-training by achieving lower i.i.d. validation loss on the original web distribution, rather than merely transforming data into higher-quality or task-proximate formats. Typically, synthetic data methods focus on format or quality transformations, leaving underexplored whether synthetic data can better model the underlying pre-training distribution itself. We first show that mixing real web text with rephrases monotonically improves i.i.d. validation loss as the number of rephrases per document increases, achieving a loss of 3.41 at 32 rephrases relative to a real-data-only baseline of 3.55, and we estimate this corresponds to $1.48\times$ data efficiency under the asymptotically infinite compute regime with 300M parameter models and 200M real tokens. We then introduce the perspective that synthetic generations can form a single long megadocument rather than being shuffled as independent short documents, and propose two megadoc algorithms—stitched rephrasing and latent thoughts—that improve over simple rephrasing for i.i.d. validation loss, long-context loss, and downstream benchmarks, achieving $1.64\times$ and $1.80\times$ data efficiency at 32 generations respectively, with less sign of plateauing under increasing generation count. We further find that megadoc methods show especially pronounced gains on long-context validation sets such as recent arXiv papers, and improve average downstream accuracy by 6% and 9% over the real-data-only baseline. Finally, we show that simple rephrasing, stitched rephrasing, and latent thoughts each compose with the already data-efficient strategy of ensembling, while an alternative synthetic approach via self-distillation does not, demonstrating a qualitatively unique benefit of scaling megadoc generation. Our results show that synthetic megadocuments offer a practical and composable path to significantly more data-efficient pre-training in a compute-rich regime.